Update README.md (#1410)
elastic/observability-docs: README.md

| Directory             | Description |
| --------------------- | ----------- |
| __ingest-management__ | Contains the source files for the [Fleet and Elastic Agent Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ingest-management/master/index.html).|
| __integrations__      | Contains the source files for the [Integrations Developer Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/integrations-developer/master/index.html)

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

| Directory             | Description |
| --------------------- | ----------- |

> | __ingest-management__ | Contains the source files for the [Fleet and Elastic Agent Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ingest-management/master/index.html).|

Author: ```suggestion
| __ingest-management__ | Contains the source files for the [Fleet and Elastic Agent Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ingest-management/current/index.html).|
```

> | __integrations__      | Contains the source files for the [Integrations Developer Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/integrations-developer/master/index.html)
> | __ingest-management__ | Contains the source files for the [Fleet and Elastic Agent Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ingest-management/master/index.html).|

Author: ```suggestion
| __ingest-management__ | Contains the source files for the [Fleet and Elastic Agent Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/ingest-management/master/index.html).|
| __integrations__      | Contains the source files for the [Integrations Developer Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/integrations-developer/master/index.html)

```

> | __integrations__      | Contains the source files for the [Integrations Developer Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/integrations-developer/master/index.html)

Author: ```suggestion
| __integrations__      | Contains the source files for the [Integrations Developer Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/integrations-developer/current/index.html)
```

> | __observability__     | Contains the source files for the [Observability Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/master/index.html), which includes content for APM, Logs, Metrics, Synthetics, User experience, and Uptime.|

Reviewer: What do you think about linking to current instead of master? I know this file exists in master (main), but I would guess most users who click these links want to see current instead.

Author: good idea! Changed.

> | __observability__     | Contains the source files for the [Observability Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/master/index.html), which includes content for APM, Logs, Metrics, Synthetics, User experience, and Uptime.|

Author: ```suggestion
| __observability__     | Contains the source files for the [Observability Guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/observability/current/index.html), which includes content for APM, Logs, Metrics, Synthetics, User experience, and Uptime.|
```

## Backporting

Pull requests should be tagged with the target version of the Elastic Stack. Add backport labels for all versions that require backports.
In general, we only backport documentation changes to [live stack versions](https://github.com/elastic/docs/blob/master/conf.yaml#L74).

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Backporting

> Pull requests should be tagged with the target version of the Elastic Stack and backport labels for all relevant versions.

Author: ```suggestion
Pull requests should be tagged with the target version of the Elastic Stack. Add backport labels for all versions that require backports.
```

In general, we only backport documentation changes to [live stack versions](https://github.com/elastic/docs/blob/master/conf.yaml#L74).

> You can add backport labels after your PR is merged, and mergify will create backport PRs for the specified version.

Author: ```suggestion
```
